NMS-15147: Update docs to include RHEL 9 Install instructions (#5639)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/deployment/pages/core/centos-rhel9/install-core.adoc

ifeval::["{page-component-title}" == "Horizon"]
include::../../repos/rhel-centos/horizon-rhel9.adoc[]
endif::[]

ifeval::["{page-component-title}" == "Meridian"]
include::../../repos/rhel-centos/meridian-rhel9.adoc[]
endif::[]

.Install {page-component-title} with all built-in dependencies
[source, console]
----
ifeval::["{page-component-title}" == "Horizon"]
sudo dnf -y install opennms
endif::[]
ifeval::["{page-component-title}" == "Meridian"]
sudo dnf -y install meridian
endif::[]
----

> If you want time series trending and forecast functions you must install the link:https://www.r-project.org/[R project] packages.
> The additional download size for packages is ~390 MB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want time series trending and forecast functions, you must install the https://www.r-project.org/[R project] packages.
The additional download size for packages is ~390MB.
```

> .Install R-core packages for time series trending and forecasting (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.(Optional) Install R-core packages for time series trending and forecasting
```

[source, console]
----
sudo dnf -y install epel-release
sudo dnf -y install R-core
----

TIP: Disable the OpenNMS {page-component-title} repository after installation to prevent unwanted upgrades when upgrading other packages on the server.

>      After upgrade, {page-component-title} requires manual steps to upgrade configuration files or migrate database schemas to a new version.
>      We recommend that you exclude the {page-component-title} packages from update except when you plan to perform an upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After upgrading, {page-component-title} requires manual steps to upgrade configuration files or migrate database schemas to a new version.
We recommend that you exclude the {page-component-title} packages from updates except when you plan to perform an upgrade.
```
